>> I'M DOING GOOD.
HOW ARE YOU.
>> Jimmy: I FEEL LIKE EVERY TIME
I SEE YOU SOMETHING GREAT HAS
HAPPENED TO YOU.
IN THIS CASE --
>> THE RED SOX WON THE WORLD
SERIES.
NOT RUBBING IT IN.
I'M NOT ONE OF THOSE GUYS --
>> Jimmy: I'M A METS FAN SO YOU
COULD RUB IT IN IF YOU LIKE.
>> I DON'T DO THAT.
I DON'T GO TO THE OPPOSING
STADIUM, WEAR THE OTHER TEAM'S
STUFF.
>> Jimmy: YOU DON'T.
>> TURN AROUND AND LOOK AT THE
CROWD AND DO THAT.
WHENEVER I SEE THAT, THAT GUY
SHOULD GET THE [ BLEEP ] KICKED
OUT OF HIM.
PERFECT WORLD THAT HAPPENS.
I USED TO WEAR STUFF.
THE OPPOSING TEAM STUFF BECAUSE
I MOVED AWAY FROM BOSTON BUT I
GOT SICK OF IT.
IT'S WHEN YOU GO TO THE
BATHROOM.
THAT'S THE WORST.
YEAH, SOME GUY KNOWS.
YOU GO OUT TO THE BATHROOM.
THEY WAIT TILL YOU'RE DOING YOUR
THING THEN YOU PUSH -- THEY TAKE
OUT THEIR CHILDHOOD ON YOU AND
YOU GOT TO BULL'S-EYE ON YOUR
HEAD AND IT'S LIKE WHY AM I
DOING -- WHAT AM I, STEVEN
SEGAL.
I'LL FIGHT ALL THESE GUYS WITH
MY [ BLEEP ].
HE MADE THAT MOVIE, RIGHT?
I AM A VERY COURTEOUS FAN.
[ LAUGHTER ]
STILL ALMOST GOT INTO A FIGHT.
>> Jimmy: OH, REALLY AT DODGER
STADIUM.
>> BECAUSE WEST COAST FANS ARE
INSANE.
>> Jimmy: WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
>> EVERYBODY TALKS ABOUT PHILLY.
THEY THREW SNOWBALLS AT SANTA
CLAUS.
DODGER FANS WOULD HAVE STABBED
THEM.
[ LAUGHTER ]
SO I DON'T -- YOU KNOW, I DON'T
GET YOUR TICKETS, DUDE.
I'M IN THE UPPER DECK WITH THE
REAL PEOPLE.
SO, YOU KNOW, THEY'VE HAD A HARD
DAY AT WORK AND THAT'S ALL THEY
NEED.
BASICALLY WHAT HAPPENED A LOT OF
EMPTY SEATS BECAUSE STUBHUB WAS
GOUGING PEOPLE SO BAD PEOPLE
STAYED HOME.
ALL THESE EMPTY SEATS BEHIND US
SO PIE BUDDY WAS TAKING HIS
BEER, EMPTY BEER CANS AND
STICKING THEM THERE AND THIS
GUY, HAD A PROBLEM WITH IT.
AND RATHER THAN JUST BEING, HEY,
DO YOU MIND, MY WIFE AND KID GOT
TO GET BY.
HE WENT TO IS THERE SOMETHING
WRONG WITH THE BOTTOM OF YOUR
CHAIR AND THEN IT ESCALATED AND
THEN I PULLED THE LADY'S LINE
WHICH USUALLY DEFUSES IT.
I WAS LIKE, LADY, LADIES, COME
ON.
WHAT ARE WE DOING?
WE'RE AT THE GAME HERE.
AND I GO TO SHAKE HIS HAND.
HE DOESN'T SHAKE MY HAND.
LIKE AN [ BLEEP ].
SO NOW ALL MY BOSTON ANGER COMES
UP.
I'M JUST TALKING LOUDLY ABOUT
WEST COAST FANS FORGETTING I'M A
BALD 50-YEAR-OLD MAN WHO IS
GOING TO GET THROWN OFF THE
UPPER DECK AND FINALLY AFTER AN
INNING AND A HALF AT THE WORLD
SERIES I'M MAD AT THE GUY BEHIND
ME.
WHAT DO I CARE?
HE'S NOT GOING TO HURT US.
THERE'S FOUR OF US.
HE WAS LIKE 80 POUNDS OVERWEIGHT
SO WHAT IS HE, GOING TO FALL ON
US SO I WENT DOWN TO GET A BEER.
WHEN I CAME BACK HE WAS MEAN
MUGGING ME THE WHOLE WAY UP.
HE'S WITH HIS WIFE AND KID AND
SITTING THERE LOOKING LIKE HE
GOT OUT OF DENNY'S AND HE'S
LOOKING AT ME LIKE HE'S GOING TO
DO SOMETHING.
SO MY EYES ARE STARTING TO GO
BUT I REFUSE TO GET GLASSES SO
I'M SITTING -- IS THIS GUY
LOOKING AT ME SO YOU KNOW WHEN
YOU HAVE OLD EYES YOU GOT TO
LOOK AWAY AND LOOK BACK TO MAKE
SURE, RIGHT?
SO I DID THAT.
NOW HE THINKS I'M SOFT LIKE I
GOT HIM.
HE BLINKED, RIGHT?
SO SOMETHING HAPPENED ON THE
WALK UP TO HIM.
I'M LIKE I'M NOT DOING THIS.
I'M SORRY -- CAN WE JUST
CRUSH -- SQUASH THIS, RIGHT?
SO I GO TO DO THE FIST BUMP AND
HE LITERALLY -- HE'S SO IMMATURE
LIKE EMOTIONALLY WHEN HE WENT TO
DO IT HE DIDN'T MOVE HIS HAND
UP.
HAD IT IN HIS HAND UP AND WENT
LIKE THIS.
WHEN A TODDLER GOES TO WAVE,
THEY DON'T LIFT THEIR ARM UP,
JUST IMITATE YOU LIKE THAT.
LIKE AND I DID THE FIST BUMP AND
THEN WE WERE FINE.
SO I THINK I FIGURED SOMETHING
OUT.
>> Jimmy: WHAT?
>> THERE IS AN OVERLAP WITH
IRISH GUYS AND MEXICAN DUDES AS
FAR AS A DISCONNECT YOU HAD THIS
ANGER.
IT LIKE I THINK -- LIKE WHEN YOU
MEET A 40-YEAR-OLD MEXICAN DUDE
YOU GOT TO DO THE MATH LIKE A
60-YEAR-OLD IRISH GUY IN THERAPY
YEARS LIKE THEY'RE LIKE EVEN
MORE HARD CORE.
DUDE, THEY LITERALLY STAND THERE
AND FACE TEN PEOPLE WITH FLAME
THROWERS AND NOT EVEN FLINCH.
I'M NOT BACKING DOWN.
YOU HAVE TO GIVE THEM -- YOU GOT
TO GIVE THEM THE OUT.
SO I GAVE HIM THE OUT AND I
SQUASHED IT AND THEN EVEN MY
BUDDY, THE ANGRY BOSTON GUY NEXT
TO ME AFTERWARDS WAS LIKE, HOW
DID YOU DO THAT?
I WAS LIKE I BEEN MARRIED FOR
FIVE YEAR, LOSING FIGHTS ALL THE
TIME.
SO I JUST LEARNED THAT YOU GOT
TO GIVE SOMEBODY THE OUT.
>> Jimmy: I THINK THAT'S
EXCELLENT ADVICE.
>> YEAH.
>> Jimmy: YOU DIDN'T BRING YOUR
WIFE AND DAUGHTER TO THE GAME.
HOW OLD IS YOUR DAUGHTER NOW?
>> SHE'S GOING TO BE 2 IN
JANUARY.
>> Jimmy: THAT'S CUTE.
SO DOES SHE WATCH THE GAMES WITH
YOU AT HOME?
>> NO.
SHE ONLY LIKES -- SHE LIKE PUPPY
DOG PALS AND SHE LIKES THE
DISNEY CHANNELS.
ANY TIME -- IN HER WORLD IT'S ON
24/7.
SO LIKE WHEN I GO TO TURN IT OFF
THE SECOND I PUT THE TV ON, I
GO, HEY WE'RE GOING TO WATCH
FOOTBALL AND SHE GOES, DOG, DOG,
AND I'M LIKE, NO, THE DOGS WENT
TO BED AND THE WAY TV IS NOW
IT'S JUST -- STUPID DOGS ARE ON
ALL DAY LONG.
THEY ARE AON.
MY WIFE HAS WATCHED THEM AT
NIGHT.
NOW I GOT TO PUT IT ON THEN I
GOT TO FIND OUT -- I FLIP BACK
AND FORTH DURING THE COMMERCIAL
AND THE SECOND I FLIP AWAY,
UH-OH.
DOG, DOG THEN SHE STARTS LIKE
CRYING.
SO, I ONLY KNOW LIKE HALF THE
RED SOX NAMES.
THAT'S HOW LITTLE -- I WAS
TALKING ABOUT -- THEN THAT GUY
HIT THE HOME RUN AND THE OTHER
GUY HIT THE SINGLE.
I DIDN'T KNOW ANYBODY'S NAME
THIS YEAR.
>> Jimmy: I HAVE TO SAY I DON'T
KNOW WHY I AM SO TICKLED YOU ARE
STARRING IN A MOVIE WITH HUGH
JACKMAN WHICH IS --
>> OH, YEAH.
I WOULDN'T SAY STARRING.
IF YOU BLINK YOUR EYE YOU'RE
GOING TO MISS ME, YEAH, BUT I
GOT A COUPLE OF LINES.
>> Jimmy: BUT YOU'RE WITH HUGH
IN THE MOVIE.
YOU HAVE A SCENE WITH HUGH
JACKMAN.
HE PLAYS GARY HART.
>> YES, HE DOES.
>> Jimmy: FROM A MUCH MORE
INNOCENT TIME.
I GUESS IN A WAY.
>> IT'S BASICALLY, YEAH IT'S
CALLED T"THE FRONT RUNNER."
FIRST POLITICIAN WHERE THEY WENT
INTO HIS PERSONAL LIFE, THEY
FOUND OUT HE HAD A MISTRESS.
WHEN I WAS A KID I REMEMBER THAT
SCANDAL TAKING SIX WEEKS AND HE
WAS THE GUY, HE WAS GOING TO WIN
IT AND WITH -- THAT WHOLE THING
TOOK A WEEK.
THEY FOLLOWED HIM.
FOUND OUT HE HAD A MISS TRESS.
THEY WERE STANDING OUTSIDE HIS
HOUSE.
THE HELL WITH IT.
I AIN'T GOING TO RUN ANYMORE.
HUGH JACKMAN PLAYS THE PART OF
GARY HART AND HE WAS AMAZING.
AND I HAD A REALLY FUN SCENE
WHERE WE WERE TAILING HIM AND
CHASING HIM DOWN THIS ALLEY AND
HE'S LIKE THE NICEST GUY EVER
BUT HE'S A BIG GUY LIKE 6'4" AND
HE'S RIPPED.
WE WENT DOWN THE ALLEY.
HIS CHARACTER IS MAD AT OUR
CHARACTER AND TURNED AROUND AND
LOOKED AT US AND FOR HALF A
SECOND, I WAS LIKE, OH,
[ BLEEP ], THAT'S WOLVERINE AND
I LITERALLY -- I LEGIT GOT
SCARED AND HE'S A BIG GUY, YOU
KNOW.
SO -- WHAT'S FUNNY IN THE SCENE
IS AS THE REPORTER I HAVE LIKE A
NOTEBOOK AND I DROPPED IT AND
AFTER THE SCREENING WE WENT TO
THE TORONTO FILM FESTIVAL AND
ALL THESE ACTORS ARE COMING UP
TO ME.
I LOVE THE CHOICE YOU MADE.
I LOVE THE CHOICE YOU MADE TO
DROP THE NOTEBOOK.
I WAS LIKE, NO, DUDE, THAT WAS
REAL.
HE DIDN'T TURN AROUND.
HE WAS JUST STANDING THERE.
WE CAME FLYING OUT OF THE ALLEY.
HE WAS FULL ON WOLVERINE EXCEPT
THE KNIVES COMING OUT.
THAT TAKES ME BACK TO THE DAYS.
>> Jimmy: I THINK IT'S ACTING.
MAKES NO DIFFERENCE WHETHER
YOU'RE FAKING IT OR REAL.
GREAT TO SEE YOU.
CONGRATULATIONS ON THE MOVIE.
IT'S CALLED "THE FRONT RUNNER"
AND OPENS IN THEATERS NOVEMBER
6th.